Step 1:

Combine flour, salt, and cold water in a bowl. 
Mix with a wooden spoon until dough just comes together and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. 
Dough should be sticky

Step 2:

Transfer dough onto a well floured surface. 
Dust a little more flour over the top. 
Knead for a minute or two to form a round. 
Cover and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes.

Step 3:

Roll dough into a square about 1/8 inch thick, dusting with flour as necessary; 
dough should still be sticky.

Step 4:

Spread 1/3 of the butter over 2/3 of the square using a silicone spatula, leaving a 1/2 inch border.
Flip the unbuttered side over the middle of the square and fold the opposite end over it like a letter. 
Straighten the edges as needed.

Step 5:

Turn dough with a bench scraper to unstick it from the counter; dust with flour. 
Flip and sprinkle more flour on top. Roll dough into a 1/8-inch-thick rectangle, carefully stretching edges as needed. 
Spread another 1/3 of the butter over 2/3 of the dough. 
Fold into thirds. 
Transfer onto a lined baking sheet and freeze until butter is slightly chilled, about 10 minutes.

Step 6:

Sprinkle dough with flour and roll into a square a little over 1/8 inch thick. 
Spread remaining butter over the dough, leaving a 1- to 1 1/2-inch border on the top edge. 
Dip your finger in water and lightly moisten the unbuttered edge. 
Roll dough into a log starting from the bottom edge.
Dust with more flour and polish the ends as needed. 
Seal with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hours, preferably overnight.

Step 7:

Combine sugar, 1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoon water, cinnamon, and lemon zest in a pot. 
Boil over medium heat, without stirring, until syrup reaches 210 to 215 degrees F (100 degrees C). 
Remove from heat.

Step 8:

Preheat oven 550 degrees F (288 degrees C). Grease a 12-cup muffin tin.

Step 9:

Whisk flour, salt, and cold milk together very thoroughly in a cold pot. 
Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until milk thickens, about 5 minutes. 
Remove from heat and let cool for at least 10 minutes.

Step 10:

Whisk egg yolks into the cooled milk. 
Add the sugar syrup and vanilla extract.
Mix until combined.
Strain custard into a glass measuring cup.

Step 11:

Unwrap the dough and trim any uneven bits on the ends. 
Score log into 12 even pieces using a knife; 
cut through.

Step 12:

Place a piece of dough in each muffin cup.
Dip your thumb lightly in some cold water. 
Press thumb into the center of the swirl; 
push dough against the bottom and up the sides of the cup until it reaches least 1/8 inch past the top. 
Fill each cup 3/4 of the way with custard.

Step 12:

Bake in the preheated oven until the pastry is browned and bubbly, and the tops start to blister and caramelize, about 12 minutes. 
Cool tarts briefly and serve warm.
